Update codec.md (#570)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/knowledgebase/advanced/codec.md

## Implementations

> The Parity SCALE Codec has been implemented in many languages. Many implementations are well-maintained, and the Rust implementation is an official Parity product.

Reviewer: Shortening the line length and relaxing the language a bit.

```suggestion
The Parity SCALE Codec has been implemented in many languages, including a reference
implementation that is written in Rust and maintained by Parity Technologies.
```
